You all right?
Shit's really hit the fan.
What the hell?
That's a whole different study.
But if we knew that, we could...
We don't know that.
We gotta operate on what we do know.
I'm still dreaming.
And you seem to
forget that it's human
beings whose lives
we're trying to save.
It's my turn for the coat.
I tried to explain this to you several times.
The guys in the crew are going crazy.
A couple of them have flown the coop already.
I don't know how long we're gonna stay on the air.
Give me another listen.
Sure, I'll just pull it out of my ass, right?
I don't believe the dead are returning to life.
I'm not so sure you
believe the dead are
returning to life and
attacking the living.
I'm not so sure what to believe, Doctor.
All we get is what you people tell us.
And it's hard enough to believe without... It's fact.
It's fact.
It's hard enough to believe
without you coming in here and...
You're not running a
talk show here, Mr. Berman.
You can forget pitching an audience for moral bullshit they want to hear.
You're talking about abandonment.
Franny, get the new list of rescue stations.
Charlie's receiving any emergency.
Rescue stations.
Half of those are inoperative as of now.
Charlie, these are rescue stations.
We can't send people to inoperative rescue stations.
We've had old information on the air for the last 12 hours.
Kill those old ones.
Gibbons wants them.
Kill them, Dick.
Tell Gibbons to see me.
You have not listened to this situation for three weeks.
What does it take?
What does it take to make people see?
People aren't willing to accept your solutions, Doctor, and I, for one, don't blame them.
Every dead body that is not exterminated
...becomes one of them.
It gets up and kills.
The people it kills get up and kill.
Operative rescue stations.
Dan!
I guess I want you to type that up.
I think Foster's right.
We're losing.
We're blowing ourselves.
What the hell's going on?
Who killed those supers?
He has the authority to do that.
Garrett, who told you to kill those supers?
Nobody.
I killed them.
They're out of date.
Do you know you're on the air?
What the hell's going on?
I want those supers on the air all the time.
Without those rescue situations on screen, every minute people won't watch us.
They'll tune out.
Are you willing to murder people by sending them out to stations that are closed down?
I want that list up on the screen every minute that we're on the air.
Anybody need a ride?
What the hell are you doing?
Get back on this console.
What is this, a news show or a football game?
Get that idiot off the air.
Officer, stop those men.
Lucas, get back here on the console!
Damn!
Get somebody in here who can run this thing.
Get that fucking idiot off the air!
Facts, the public needs facts, what do you have to give us?
They kill for one reason.
They kill for food.
They eat.
They're victims.
Do you understand that, Mr. Berman?
That's what keeps them going.
If we'd listened, if we'd dealt
with this phenomenon properly,
without emotion, without emotion,
it wouldn't have come to this.
There is a martial law
state in effect in Philadelphia,
as in all other major
cities in the country.
The OEP, by command of the federal government,
the President of the United States,
citizens may no longer occupy private residences, no
matter how safely protected or well-stocked.
A dead body must be
exterminated, either by destroying
the brain or severing the
brain from the rest of the body.
Should we be unable to...
Meet me on the roof at 9 o'clock.
Getting out.
I don't believe it.
What?
We're going to get out in the chopper.
Stephen, we can't.
We've got to.
It's 9 PM, all right.
Stephen, we can't.
We've got to stay.
We've got to, my friend.
We've got to survive.
Somebody's got to survive.
Now, you be upstairs at 9 o'clock, and don't let them come looking for you.
Go ahead.
We'll be off the air by midnight anyway.
The emergency networks are taking over.
Our responsibility is finished.
In the central areas of the city,
the bodies of the dead will be
delivered over to specially equipped
squads of the National Guard.
Martinez!
You know we've got this building surrounded.
Little bastard's got them moved into one building.
Dumb little bastard.
Come on.
Martinez.
The people in this project are your responsibility.
We don't want any of them hurt.
There were no charges against you or any of your people.
Come on, Martinez.
Yeah, come on, Martinez.
Show your greasy little Puerto Rican ass so I can blow it right off.
Blow all their asses off, low-life bastards.
Blow all their low-life little Puerto Rican and nigger asses right off.
You're Rod, right?
Roy Tucker.
How the hell come we stick these lowlife bastards in these big ass fancy hotels anyway?
Shit, man, this is better than I got.
Hey, hey, you ain't going to talk them out of here.
You've got to blow them out.
Just stay cool, OK?
When we go in there, don't pop off, all right?
I'll be OK.
Come on, let's get on with it.
This is a waste of my time.
Let's go, let's go!
Let me get him!
Pizzles cry from a thousand feet!
Come on, watch yourself, Doc.
One more at a time.
Give me your hands, somebody!
Step away from her!
Watch me!
Help me, he's crazy!
Get away from me!
Not that room, not that room!
Jesus Christ.
Come on, come on.
You don't have to see that.
Shoot it, man.
Shoot it in the head.
You ain't just in here by yourself, boy.
You was in Willie's unit, wasn't you?
I didn't see nothing.
I didn't see how he died.
Man, there's a lot of people who are running out.
I could run.
I could run right tonight.
Bear in mind, he's got this helicopter.
He asked me to come with him.
Think it's right to run?
Senors, please to let me pass.
Let's get into the barracks.
No, no, please.
Just let me pass.
I go up to seventh floor to find my sister.
The people of 107 will do what you wish now.
Annie have died last week on these streets.
in the basement of this building to find them.
I have given them the last rites.
Now, you do what you will.
If you are stronger than us, well, soon, I think, they be stronger than you.
We must stop the killing or we lose the war.
Jesus Christ.
Hey, you OK down there?
Yeah.
This must be where they dumped the men, huh?
You need more men?
No, it's all done, man.
It's all been done.
Jesus Christ.
Why do these people keep them here?
Because they still believe there's respect in dying.
Hello, HQ.
This is police, Doc.
Operator dead.
Post abandoned.
Stephen!
I hope that's Roger.
Hey, you guys.
You better get a move on.
There's a report out the doc's been knocked out.
Can we carry the extra weight?
A little harder on the fuel, but we'll be OK.
Hey, you got any cigarettes?
Any of you guys got cigarettes?
No, I'm sorry.
Where are you headed?
Downriver.
We got an idea.
Maybe we can make it to the island.
What island?
Any island.
What about you?
Where are you headed?
Straight up.
See humor?
Most of the time, yeah.
Just like to know who everybody is.
Yeah, me too.
Any more water?
You know where we are?
Yeah, I know exactly where we are.
Harrisburg?
Passed about an hour ago.
Jesus.
It's everywhere.
We're still pretty close to Johnston.
Those rednecks are probably enjoying the whole thing.
What are you looking at?
Look out, behind you!
Get out of the way!
In here, by the old car!
Hit the gas tank!
Ah, got 'em.
Ah, missed.
Aw, shit, man.
Damn near empty.
I got this one.
There's a lot of private planes in farm country like this.
I guess they all hit the pumps and they took off.
Yeah, to where?
Got some here.
Can you handle that?
Yeah, I got it.
I'm gonna see what's left in the hangars.
Bunch of junk.
Run!
You never aim a gun at anyone, mister.
Scary, isn't it?
Isn't it?
We gotta find fuel.
Maybe closer to Cleveland.
No, we gotta stay out of the big cities.
If there's anything like Philly, we may never get out alive.
We may never get out of any place alive.
We almost didn't get out of here.
We're getting out of here fine, Peter.
Just as long as there's not too many of those things around, we can handle them easily.
It wasn't one of those things that nearly blew me away.
We gotta stay in the sticks.
I mean, there's bound to be more little private airports upstate.
There's the locks along the Allegheny.
The fuel station's there, state and private.
No, those are probably still manned.
We don't need those hassles either.
We're just out after scavengers and looters.
Oh, you got papers for this limousine?
I got G-O-N-I-D, so does Fran.
Right, and we're out doing traffic reports.
Wake up, sucker.
We're thieves and we're bad guys.
That's exactly what we are.
We gotta find our own way.
Jesus Christ, we don't even know where we're going.
We don't have food, we don't have water, we don't even have a radio.
Stephen, you need to get some sleep.
What the hell is it?
Looks like a shopping center, one of those big indoor malls.
Oh, my god.
No chance.
Forget it.
Let's get out of here.
Wait a minute.
They can't get up here.
Yeah, and we can't go down there.
Let's check it out.
Most of the gates are down.
I don't think they can get into the stores.
I haven't seen any of them up on the second floor.
The big department stores usually use both floors.
If we can get in up top.
OK.
Guess the power's not off in this area.
Could be nuclear.
What are they doing?
Why do they come here?
Some kind of instinct, memory, what they used to do.
This was an important place in their lives.
Hey, look at this.
This doesn't go down into the mall.
What the hell is this?
How do we get down there?
Looks like a free lunch.
Spam.
Did you bring a can opener?
No, I guess I didn't.
Then don't knock it.
It's got its own key.
What do you think?
This is the only way up here.
You better get some sleep too, buddy.
There's an awful lot of stuff down there that we could use.
I know it.
It's a big place.
But they're pretty spread out down there.
I think we can outrun them.
Hit and run?
Hit and run.
You're crazy.
This place should be a gold mine.
We got to at least check it out.
This is exactly what we're trying to run away from.
Look what... Stephen.
Leave him be.
We're going ourselves.
That's ready to shoot, one carry.
The trigger squeeze is real easy, but the weapon will kick you good when it fires.
Be ready for that.
Anyone but us comes up them stairs, you guys.
Get off the machine.
Here.
Keys to the kingdom.
Grab the walkie talkies.
15 upper and lower.
Right here.
How about a little music?
What?
Might cover the noise we make.
Hit them all.
Might as well have power in everything.
We might need it.
Stephen?
Maniacs.
Won't open!
Stephen, for God's sake!
Let's get up to the roof.
We can't leave these guys down there.
Now, how the hell are we gonna get back?
Who the hell cares?
Let's go shopping first.
Watch it, watch it.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Let's get the stuff we need.
I'll get a television and a radio.
Oh, lighter fluid.
And chocolate, chocolate.
Okay.
Oh, how about a neat coat?
Why not?
We can't carry all that shit.
Oh, I see.
We're just gonna wheel right by him.
We're gonna try, brother.
We ain't doing this for the exercise, so we might as well try to get what we can.
No way this is gonna happen.
All right, let's go, brother.
The old okey-doke.
Okay.
All right.
Hey!
Hey, ugly!
Let's raise some hell!
Hey, hey, hey!
Come here, chump!
Come here!
Hey, hey!
Hey, come on!
Over here!
Come on over here!
Over here, that's right.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on!
Come here.
Come on!
All right, come on!
Hey, hey, hey!
Okay.
They're coming.
Go on up.
Stay out of sight.
Let me know when it's clear enough.
Okay.
Come to papa.
That's it.
Keep coming.
Good.
Peter, it's good.
Let's do it.
They're clear.
Well, not altogether, but they're spread out pretty good.
I think we can move the wagon.
I'm coming.
What the hell is that?
I don't know.
Fuzz, maybe?
Maybe fly, boy.
Where's it coming from?
I don't know.
I can't tell.
Come on, open up.
Maybe I ought to go with you.
Open up.
I can get the wagon over.
If it's Flyboy, let's get him on our side.
OK.
Hold it, Flyboy.
Don't go into the stairway.
Don't open that door, baby.
You'll leave him right up with you.
Run, boy.
Run this way.
Come on.
Come on, come on.
Run, run, run, run!
Come on!
All right, all right, all right.
Now, head for the department store.
Go!
Come on, come on!
OK, downstairs again.
Same trick.
Let's go.
Let him know we're here.
Whoo-hoo!
Come on, let's go!
Over here!
You did all right this time, Flyboy.
How about it?
Over here!
...contemporary dining room set with a 40 by 60 burlap tabletop, 53-inch lighted china, and six beautiful beige chairs.
Why pay more when the sales
are a-poppin' right here?
I have a hell of a time getting back.
We just gotta wait longer before we move.
No, there's always a chance of some of them staying up on the balcony.
We can handle that.
We can break through them.
If any of them see us or hear us, they'll just follow us on up.
It's no good.
We sure in hell can outrun them.
We can load up what we got and get the hell out of here.
I've been thinking.
Maybe we got a good thing going here.
Maybe we shouldn't be in such a hurry to leave.
Oh, man.
If we can get back up there without them catching on, we can hold up for a while.
At least long enough to catch a breath.
Check out the radio.
See what's happening.
Oh, man.
There's some kind of passageway over the tops of these stores.
I don't know if it's just heating ducts or some kind of access.
I saw it on a map.
Upstairs.
Let's go.
These are just lighting fixtures.
No, it's got to be in this area.
It's on the map.
Elevator shaft.
Hold the doors.
It's here.
Get me a screwdriver and something to stand on for down there.
I know where the tools are.
Why don't you grab that stool over there?
It's all right.
We can get it off.
You found it, Flyboy.
One-stop shopping.
Anything you need right at your fingertips.
Phillips.
Sweet Jesus.
I've seen it.
Come on.
Don't shoot!
They'll hear you downstairs.
Looks like we're going to be OK.
You should see all the great stuff we got, Frannie.
All kinds of stuff.
Well, this place is terrific.
It really is.
It's perfect.
All kinds of things.
We really got it made here, Fran.
What the hell time is it anyway?
Not quite nine.
Nothing?
As long as we're getting a pattern, that must mean they're sending a signal.
No longer seek occupancy
in private residences,
no matter how safe or
well protected they may be.
The president today has sent to Congress a package of initiatives
She all right?
She looks blown.
What do you expect?
No, I mean she really looks sick.
Physically.
She's pregnant.
How far along?
Three and a half, four months.
Jesus.
Steve, maybe we should try to get moving.
We can deal with it.
Yeah, but maybe she needs a doctor or something.
It doesn't change a thing.
You want to get rid of it?
Huh?
Do you want to abort it?
It's not too late.
And I know how.
Let's get some sleep.
All your decisions made?
Do you want to abort it?
Do you?
Somebody better sit watch all the time.
They'll never get through there.
Enough of them will.
And it ain't just them things we got to worry about.
That chopper up there could give us away if somebody comes messing around.
What are they going to do, land another pilot to fly it out?
They're not going to mess with a little bird like that.
They got enough on their hands.
So I guess we forget about Canada, right?
Nobody cares about my vote.
Oh, come on, Fran.
I thought you were sleeping.
They prey on humans.
They do not prey on each other.
That's the difference.
They attack and they feed only on warm human flesh.
Intelligence?
Seemingly little or no reasoning power.
What basics those remain are more remembered behaviors from normal life.
There are reports of these creatures using tools.
But even these actions are the most primitive.
The use of external articles as bludgeons and so forth.
I might point out to you that even animals will adopt the basic use of tools in this manner.
These creatures are nothing but pure motorized instinct.
We must not be lulled by the concept that these are our family members or our friends.
They are not.
They will not respond to such emotions.
be destroyed on sight.
Look, we need to block those entrances.
Those trucks are the answer.
We put one at each door.
This report says they're working on an analysis of this whole phenomenon from the point of view of a viral disease.
They're doing various laboratory tests to see if they can deal with it in that way.
Hey, Fran!
According to this report, the problem they've run into in Atlanta is that there are no live specimens available.
In that area, there aren't any.
We've had a film report shot in Atlanta, but it has not arrived yet.
I would have made you a coffee and breakfast, but I don't have my pants and pants.
Also, wait a minute.
There's another report.
May I say something?
Sure.
Sorry you found out I'm pregnant, because I don't want to be treated any differently than you treat each other.
Oh, hey, Frank, come on.
And I'm not going to be den mother for you guys.
And I want to know what's going on.
And I want to have something to say about the plans.
There's four of us, OK?
Jesus, Fran.
Fair enough.
OK, now what's going on?
We're going out.
And you're not coming with us.
And you won't come with us until you learn how to handle yourself.
Something else.
I don't know about you two, but I want to learn how to fly that helicopter.
If anything happens to you, we have to be able to fly out of here.
She's right, man.
Come on, let's go.
And I don't want you to leave me without a gun again.
I just might be able to figure out how to use it.
I'm sorry, Stephen.
It's all right, it's all right.
Stephen?
Yeah?
Be careful.
Yeah, we'll be all right.
In spite of everything as you can hear, there are still some people with a sense of humor.
How about it?
Getting it.
I'm not too sure of this thing.
I'll just rat pick up.
I'll go after one of these things.
Come on, let's go.
All right.
Hey, too tall, too slow, too.
Come in.
You look my size when you're sitting in the truck.
What I want to know is how we both got in the same force together, you being so large and all.
Well, they told me it was a midget force.
They needed somebody to look up to.
Hey, where's Flyboy?
Where's his 20?
Hey, probably up in the roof with Flygirl.
Alright, full speed. Let's go. Come on.
Come on, not the sock.
Come on.
We got you, suckers.
Come on, man.
Roger!
Come on, look, man.
Get down!
Get down and stay down.
I got him.
Roger, move!
No!
You bastards.
Roger?
We got this, man.
We got this by the ass.
Roger, come on, man.
Get your head together.
We got a lot of work to do.
Let's go, baby.
Number two.
You all right?
Perfect, baby.
Perfect.
Come on, Peter!
For Christ's sake, come on, man.
Roger, come on!
Roger, come on! Come on, man.
Damn, you motherfucking sons of bitches!
Oh, God.
Oh, Jesus, what?
What?!
My bag.
I left my goddamn bag in the other truck.
All right, trooper.
You better screw your head on.
Yeah, come on, come on, come on.
Let's go.
I mean it, man.
Now, you're not just playing with your life, you're playing with mine.
Yeah.
Go, go, go, go!
Come on, Rog. Come on.
Roger!
Roger, watch it!
That's it, man.
That's it.
Oh, shit.
We gotta deal with that leg.
Man, I'm dealing with it, man.
I'm just dealing with it.
Don't you worry about it.
Man, there's a lot to get done before you can afford to lose me.
Come here.
It all depends on how many of them are still inside.
That's one hell of a run we got to make.
If we had more flares, maybe some of those propane jobs.
Guns are first.
Guns and ammunition.
You sure you're going to make it?
Let's hurry up with that.
Don't try to shoot through those gates.
Openings are too small.
A bullet will wind up chasing us around in here.
Don't worry.
They can't get through.
Ain't it a crime?
What?
The only person who could ever mess with this gun would be the sucker with the bread to buy it.
You just wait out there, sisters.
We're coming.
And we're ready.
Hardware.
Look here, man.
I, um...
I know, shut up, will you?
All right.
The toughest part will be getting by these right here.
It's too far.
There's no backing out now.
We've got to lock those main doors.
We'll never make all four entrances.
It's too risky.
We'll make it.
You just be ready to open up for us.
Wait a minute.
The car.
What?
One of the cars.
Why don't you use one of the cars over there?
You OK to start it?
OK, let's go.
Close the door!
The keys, Stephen, the keys!
Jesus Christ!
Come on, man!
Get out of there!
God damn it!
Keep 'em, Stephen! Just keep 'em!
Just jump in the back.
You all right?
Yeah, I got it.
You get the latching, I'll get the lock.
It's not 100%, but I don't think they'll get through.
Can't they smash the glass?
Safety stuff.
Pretty indestructible.
They got no leverage under the truck.
I'm hoping they'll just go away after they find they can't get in.
I'll get the alarm.
Get in the car.
Go!
We're OK.
We got it made.
It's gonna work.
How many you figure are already in?
Don't know.
Not too many.
We'll get them easy.
We'll get it all locked off, then we're going on a hunt.
We put up a wall here.
This way, we can still get to the plumbing.
Why don't we just board up the stairway?
Sooner or later, there might be a patrol through here.
Looters, maybe.
I don't want anybody to even know that stairway exists.
I don't know what else to do.
You're doing fine.
His leg is awful.
The infection's spreading quickly.
Can't we do something?
Can't we take him to a med unit?
I've seen half a dozen guys get bitten by those things.
None of them lasted more than three days.
Peter, where are you?
Right here, trooper.
We did it, didn't we?
We whipped them, didn't we?
That's right, Rog.
Didn't we?
Didn't we whip them?
We sure did, buddy.
We whipped them.
We whipped them good.
We whipped them and we got it all!
Leave me alone.
It's all right.
It's my problem.
Just get out of here.
I don't want you here.
Look, I just don't want you to see me like this, OK?
Stephen, get out, please.
This place is gonna be rotten.
We gotta clean it up, brother.
You never know.
Money, money, money.
All right.
What do you think?
Mangia!
They're still here.
They're after us.
They know we're still in here.
They're after the place.
They don't know why.
They just remember.
Remember that they want to be in here.
What the hell are they?
They're us, that's all.
There's no more room in hell.
What?
Something my granddaddy used to tell us.
You know Macumba?
Voodoo.
Granddad was a priest in Trinidad.
He used to tell us, when there's no more room in hell, the dead will walk the earth.
Never mind. Get another one.
Hurry up! Come on!
Peter! Hurry up!
Go on.
I'll stay with him.
Take care of me, won't you, Peter?
You take care of me when I go.
Just try to get some sleep, man.
Save your strength.
I don't want to be walking around like that.
Peter.
Peter!
Yeah, I'm here, man.
Don't do it till you're sure I am coming back.
I'm gonna try not to.
I'm gonna try not to come back.
I'm gonna try.
They use, maybe, 5% of the food
available in the human body.
With that small amount, the body is usually intact enough to be mobile when it revives.
What are you saying?
I mean, you know, you scientists.
Dummies!
Excuse me.
Listen, quiet, quiet.
One wonders whether it's worth saving.
This is worth saving.
For all I know, the brains are already dead, and it's the idiots that are still alive.
And I figured out how to stay alive, too.
And I'm trying to help you dummies.
In your calm, helping way, you do irritate people by the illogical way.
Illogical hell.
I'm showing you a way that we can up the food supply 20 times.
Food supply for who?
For a whole specimen that is walking around there in increasing numbers.
We should feed them?
What else are you going to do about it?
God.
Give me an alternative.
I thought you scientists could come up with an actual way to solve the problem rather than feeding the opposition.
Doesn't make any sense.
Well, I can think of one other alternative.
I can think of another alternative, yes.
Since they seem to congregate in heavily populated areas, and since we haven't touched upon our nuclear resources, why don't we drop bombs in all the big cities?
You're probably serious.
I'm deadly serious.
What are the choices?
They won't run out of food, young lady.
That's the problem, you see.
And they won't run out of food while we're still alive.
These kind of things out.
You know, the things that you're talking about here
sound like just a bunch of people talking, a bunch of scientists without actually figuring it out.
This is not political rhetoric.
We're not fighting.
This is not the Republicans versus the Democrats.
They've got us in the hole economically, or we're in another war.
It's more crucial than that.
We are down to the line, folks.
We are down to the line.
There are no divisions among living society.
Please.
At least let him finish.
It's really all over his head.
Quiet.
Unemotional.
We've got to remain rational.
Logical.
Scientists always think in those kind of terms.
It doesn't work that way.
That's not how people really are.
We've got to remain logical.
We've got to.
There's no choice.
It has to be.
It's that or the end.
Peter, what about you?
Where are you going?
This is just for the two of you.
We can't, Stephen, not now.
It wouldn't be real.
Attention all shoppers.
If you have a sweet tooth, we have a special treat for you.
If your purchases in the next half hour amount to $5 or more, we'll give you a bag of hard candies free.
There hasn't been a broadcast for three days.
Why don't you give it up?
They might come back on.
What have we done to ourselves?
OK.
Now easy.
Easy.
Stabilize it.
That's right.
Bring it down.
Down.
That's it.
You got it.
Huh?
What?
I must get in through the roof.
Son of a bitch.
I got trucks blocking all the entrances.
Look at that.
Yeah, trucks.
The sweat.
Well, what do you think?
Do we hit them now or tonight?
Tonight.
Is that a call?
I saw a whirlybird on the roof.
Hey, you wanna see my whirlybird?
You guys are talking.
You're mad as shit!
Raiders.
There's some company up there.
Yeah, we need company!
We need some company down here!
There's no chance.
Oh, come on, you've been here a long time.
Do you wanna try?
Oh, it's the radio!
All right, can it!
Can it!
Hey, can it!
Okay, listen, uh...
How many you got up there anyway?
Look, there's three of us.
Quiet!
I think we should tell them...
Jesus Christ, shut up and listen.
We don't like people that don't share.
You just fucked up real bad.
Just three, huh?
Holy shit.
They'll get in.
They'll move the trucks.
There's hundreds of those creatures down there.
Come on, man.
That's a professional army.
Looks like they've been surviving on the road all through this thing.
Well, let's not make it easy for them.
Come on.
What's happening?
15 or 20 of them are going to shut the gates.
Stupid.
We're just going to shut the gates.
They'll never know we're here.
Downstairs first.
Got your talk box?
Yeah.
Keep it handy.
They're in, Flyboy.
They opened the loading docks.
Listen, with those bay doors open, there's gonna be a thousand zombies in here.
That'll take the heat off us.
These guys are gonna have their hands full.
Flyboy?
Flyboy, where the hell are you?
It's ours.
We took it.
Someone's up there shooting at us.
Goddamn it, Flyboy.
What the hell are you doing?
Just stay out of sight.
They're after the place.
They don't care about us.
Now we've got a war.
Say goodbye, creep.
Hey, man, what the hell you gonna watch on that thing?
Upstairs. Come on.
Where'd he go?
Down there.
I see you!
Chocolate man!
I know he's in there!
Yeah!
Let me see him, man, let me see him!
Hey!
Come on down!
Son of a bitch.
Where the hell are you?
In the elevator.
Those things, they're all over the place.
Climb up top.
I'll get you out of the grid in the shaft.
I'm coming.
Flyboy?!
Flyboy...?
Come on.
I heard his gun.
Maybe he's all right.
We'll just wait.
We'll just wait a while and see.
It's almost light.
Let's go.
He hasn't answered the radio for hours.
For God's sake!
What is it?
Stephen.
They're coming up.
Go on.
Get out of here.
Peter.
I said get out of here.
Jesus Christ, Peter.
I don't want to go.
I really don't.
Come on!
Get up there!
Move, woman!
How much fuel do we have?
Not much.
Alright.